# 10 benefits of RSS for Product Managers
1. **Stay up-to-date with technology trends.** RSS feeds can deliver the latest emerging technology trends to your inbox or newsreader without having to scour the web. This can help you stay ahead of the curve and make you aware of new technologies that could be leveraged to improve your existing products—or enable entirely new products.
2. **Identify new opportunities.** RSS feeds can also be a great way to identify new opportunities. By reading about the latest news and trends in your industry, you can better identify industry specific problems early, and therefore start the product discovery process before your competitors.
3. **Monitor your competitors.** RSS feeds can also be used to track your competitors' activities. This can help you identify new trends, see what features they're adding to their products, and get a sense of their overall strategy.
4. **Understand your customers.** RSS feeds can also be used to listen to your customers. By subscribing to your customers' websites, social media platforms, podcasts etc. you can get a sense of their needs and pain points, and better understand their future strategy. This information can be invaluable for making decisions about your product roadmap.
5. **Stay up to date with enhancements to Product Management tools** Subscribe to product blogs in order to be take advantage of the latest enhancements to commonly used Product Management tools such as Microsoft365, JIRA, Confluence, Feedly, Aha!, Figma etc.
6. **Monitor the effect of your go-to-market activities.** RSS can be used to monitor websites for any mention of a recent product launch. 
7. **Monitor any mentions of your products** Search alerts can be setup and accessed via RSS that are triggered when your product's name is used on a website, or a blog post. 
8. **Monitor your brand.** Subscribe to the RSS feed of your own company websites to ensure you're aware of your company's latest marketing messages. You should also set search keyword alerts to be notified of any external mentions of your company name.
9. **Add RSS to your products!**. RSS is not only a technology that can be used to make you a better Product Manager, it's also a technology that can be added to your products!
10. 
